Sphinx-material theme for PySCF Docs (#57)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: README.md

  <img src="https://github.com/pyscf/pyscf-doc/blob/master/logo/pyscf-logo.png" height="80px"/>
</div>

PySCF Documentation
===================

## Overview

The PySCF documentation uses `sphinx-doc` and several associated extensions to generate static `html` files for the website.
To simplify the command line work, we use `make` to manage all building here, see [the Building section](#building) below or just run `make help` for more details.

> ## Building the Docs Locally

Reviewer: Camel case here but not elsewhere?

Author: I'll change them to be camel case consistently throughout the `README.md`

### Requirements

Pip install the following packages:

- pyscf
- sphinx
- sphinx-material
- sphinxcontrib-bibtex
- nbsphinx

> Pro-tip: Use `pyscf-doc/requirements.txt` to install all prerequisite packages at once.

If you have multiple versions of PySCF on your machine and you would like so use a specific version, set `PYTHONPATH` to include the specific PySCF source directory you want; otherwise, uncomment `sys.path.append(os.path.abspath('path_to_pyscf'))` in [source/conf.py](source/conf.py).

### Building
All sphinx related sources files (i.e. `.rst` and `.md`) are contained in `source` and all webpage files (once they're generated) live in the `build`.

To generate the website (without the API docs) run the following from the main project directory.
If you are running on Linux, and you want to build faster you can use `make html_parallel`.

```bash
make html
```

To generate the complete website (including the API docs) run the following from the main project directory.

> Since the API docs are large, this build will noticeable slower than just generating the website with `make html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the API docs are large, this build is noticeably slower than just generating the website with `make html`.
```

:warning: PySCF must be accessible in your current Python environment when you run `make api_docs` or `make html_full`.

```bash
make html_full
```

To see more of the options you can use with `make`, just use `make help`.

### Serving
Finally to serve the website, you can run:

```bash
 python -m http.server --directory build/html
```

> ### Adding content to GitHub Pages

Reviewer 2: Are we showing the website on github pages, too?

Reviewer: pages should be lowercase, no?
